Because he's put some things about October that are very strategic concerning the glory, the outpouring, and praying into it.
So, Pastor Paul Begley with his channel—I don't know if many of you are familiar with Pastor Paul Begley, but he goes, 'Are you serious?
Are you serious?
'—that guy called me.
He emailed my wife and said, 'I want to talk to your husband.
' I waited because the Lord told me to, as one of his team members had reached out in August.
The Lord said, 'No, don't talk to him yet.
' And he didn't know that the Lord had said that to me, because the Lord had also said to him, 'Don't talk to him yet.
' I thought that was interesting because after we talked yesterday—we talked for over an hour on the phone—my goodness, I tell you what, I felt the Holy Ghost.
And instantaneously, when I was talking to Pastor Paul Begley on the phone, I went into the spirit and started seeing things for his future.
But I wasn't allowed to tell him what I was seeing because the Holy Spirit said to save that.
He said, 'Don't say that.
I want you to hold that.
' So there were things that the Lord was showing me.
But we're going to do some broadcasts together.
He wants me to talk about some things, and he's going to use it for later on and have it on his channel for you all.
So I'm going to talk and do some things for him.
I don't do interviews very often unless the Holy Spirit tells me to.
So, I'm going to do some interviews with Paul Begley in the next couple of days, and then he's going to broadcast them on his channel.
He told me maybe ten days or so—I don't remember exactly.
But he said he wanted to use them, so I told him I'd do it.
Like I said, I don't usually do that, so it's only by the unction of the Holy Spirit.
I'm going to go on Paul Begley's channel sometime this week and do some things for him.
Then I'm going to go to Sister Billie Brim's prayer conference in Branson, Missouri.
I don't know what I'll do there, but she asked me to come.
She said, 'Would you come?
' and I said, 'I will come.
' I don't know what she has in mind, but I'm going to go by the spirit of the unction for what I feel inside.
If I can make it to Tennessee for Billy Burke at the Harvest Church, I will.
But if the Lord has me stay at Billie's for the tent revival—there is a tent revival on her property, and they always have a fish fry and all that stuff, and she's asked me to come—I'm still praying about that.
I don't know if I'll go or not, but I'm just putting my feelers out there, asking the Holy Spirit, 'What do you want me to do?
' I really feel drawn to Billy Burke and his services in Tennessee.
More than likely, I might go that direction because I want to support him and I already told you I would.
There are so many of you traveling, but I haven't made up my mind yet; I'm still praying.
That is why I wanted to give you an update about everything, because people wanted to know, 'Where are you?
What's going on?
Are you okay?
' Yes, I'm okay.
I just push things away when they get in my space.
You ain't taking over me and Jesus.
With YouTube, I've got to keep things real.
So, we're going to go over all of that.
Have I been talking thirteen minutes?
Oh, man, that's too much.
It's live; if this wasn't live, he would have cut it.
You wouldn't have heard any of that, hardly.
I usually keep it to five minutes.
He might still cut it, I don't know.
But let's go over the Tomahawk missiles and what the Lord showed us concerning World War III and what I believe is coming.
The more I prayed into it, the more the Lord showed me.
Sorry my voice is raspy, but I'm not coughing as much because I've got some good stuff and it's really helping me.
I'm feeling a lot better.
My voice still sounds groggy, but it's nothing like it was.
And I'm drinking my soda, and this stuff is good.
I told Braden I've enjoyed this cream soda by Zevia.
What?
Fifty percent are not from America?
Get out of here!
Fifty percent!
Well, welcome.
That's awesome; I'm glad you're here.
This is not usually how I do it, but I wanted to come on and just talk to you all and say hi, say some stuff real quick, and get off here because people are freaking out, asking, 'Where is he?
' I just had to take some time.
I don't put my lips to that because it's dirty; I have to wipe it off.
But okay, let's be real.
I saw by the Spirit of God an escalation of things.
And the Lord told me yesterday in my prayer time, 'I warned you that a great shaking to awaken is coming.
' And when I went into the spirit yesterday driving and praying, looking ahead to the rest of the fall and going into December, He said, 'There is a shaking to awaken.
It's coming, Brandon.
It's here.
' And I warned you to watch Israel after the 23rd of September, that a great escalation of things would start to take place concerning the fig tree.
And that's where we are.
That's where we are.
I believe we're at a great escalation of things like we've never seen before.
We're at a time on earth right now where we are seeing the fig tree blossom.
The coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is right at hand, and I'm telling you all, we're about to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
And the Lord told me, 'Brandon, the shaking is coming to awaken the people.
Remember what I told you, they're coming in hot.
They're coming in hot.
' So, He wanted me to go to a church service.
I'm just going to be real with you all.
And He said, 'Wear pink shorts.
' He said, 'I want you to sit on the front row.
' And I said, 'What?
You want me to go and wear pink shorts and sit on the front row?
' He said, 'Yeah, it's for you and for them.
' So, I got my pink shorts on.
I'd show them to you if I could.
It's kind of embarrassing, but I wore these pink shorts.
Here, I'll show you.
Can you see them?
Yeah, these are bright pink shorts.
And I wore these because of the unction of the Holy Spirit.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you to put on pink shorts and go and sit on the front row.
' I said, 'Good Lord!
Lord, you want me to do that?
' Oh, it's my green screen now.
You can't see that; I don't sit behind flowers.
Is it working?
Yeah.
So, I went and I put on my pink shorts.
Diana said, 'Are you wearing that to church?
' I said, 'Yes.
The Lord said to wear pink shorts, put them on, and go sit on the front row.
' She goes, 'It's a night service.
' I said, 'Yeah.
I don't know why, but it's to humble me, I guess.
' But I obeyed.
And when I sat in there, with all the people dressed up, they were looking at me and I was looking at them.
And He said, 'Remember, the babies are coming.
How will you handle the babies?
Be patient with My babies.
Brandon, I tell you to do things more to check their hearts than to check yours.
This isn't about you.
' 'What does it have to do with me wearing pink shorts to a night service, and here I am, the guy with the big YouTube channel?
' 'Just do what I asked you to do.
I'm doing something.
' But I obeyed.
Do you know, when William Seymour said, 'Put the box on your head,' the Lord said, 'Put the box on your head and sit in the corner'?
That sounds crazy, but put the box on.
If He says to do it, do it.
Whatever He says to do, do it, no matter if you look foolish or not.
And in this case, I felt foolish, but I said, "Lord, I'll do it.
" So, I put the pink shorts on and I sat on the front row.
I usually sit in the back, but the pastor saved me a front row seat and I had shorts on with no socks.
So I sat in there and the Lord told me, he said, "Brandon, there's something more to this.
" So I felt the Holy Ghost.
I prayed in the spirit the whole time and I could see people watching.
I knew they were glaring and they're looking, but the Lord said, "I'm doing something.
There's something more to this, but I just obey.
" So, all that to say this, he showed me a lot of my church is not ready for what's about to take place.
I cannot go into the depth of what he said, but he gave me a word and he said, "Brandon, I'm going to show you something.
" And he said, "A lot of my church is not ready for what's about to take place in this earth.
" He said, "You see it, don't you?
What I wanted you to see?
" He downloaded things.
I said, "Yes, sir.
" He said, "A great shaking is going to awaken a lot of the church.
" Now, is that concerning everybody in that church that I went to?
No.
He's examining the hearts of the troops through people and foolishness.
Put a box on your head.
William Seymour put it on.
He goes, "I don't know why, but there's something about the box.
" And the moment he put the box on, he could have it on for 45 minutes.
He could have it on for two hours.
He could have it on for 10 minutes.
But in his moment the Lord said to take the box off, the glory came in Azusa.
So I'm learning he does things like that to me and it's a test.
Will you do what I ask you to?
So he told me, he said, "I'm examining my troops and a lot of them are not ready.
A lot of people are not ready, Brandon, for what's coming.
" But they will be.
I want you to hear me.
He said, "I'm going to shake my church, Brandon, and there will be shaking more than what happened with Charlie.
There's going to be a great awakening come and there will be a great outpouring of my spirit upon this earth like they've never seen before.
For I'm giving them one last call and the boat is shutting.
The door of the ark is going to close abruptly.
No man knows the day or the hour, but I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, that the spirit of the Lord told me yesterday in my prayer time—well, not even yesterday, was it less than six hours ago?
He said, 'I'm coming, Brandon.
I'm coming.
I warned you.
I was standing at the door, Brandon, and many in my church is not awake.
There's some of them that are awake.
Some of them.
' But he said, 'For what's about to take place in this earth, they will all be awake.
Even the heathen, even the world is about to be awake.
They're going to be awake.
' What you want to say, they're awake.
And a great—there will be so much shaking take place.
Five major shakings.
Five.
And all of them will shake like labor pains upon a woman.
He said to me, he said, 'What you're about to experience is seed time and harvest at its fullest.
I have delayed the harvest of many souls, of what you have.
' He said, 'My word does not return unto me void.
Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
You sow to the flesh, you reap of the flesh.
You sow to the spirit, you reap of the spirit.
' And he said, 'Many people, Brandon, have sowed and sowed, and the world has never reaped.
And what you're about to see is a full manifestation of reaping that you've never seen before, called the Great Tribulation.
But right now, the church is going through a great awakening.
' And what he showed me, I saw it all in a vision.
Seed time and harvest, right now where we are, as labor pains upon a woman, the beginning of sorrows.
He said, 'That's where you are, that's right.
' The dispensation of grace is about to come to an end and he said, 'You're coming to the door of the Great Tribulation.
The catching away of the church is right ahead.
' But a major move of God, my presence is grace, one more grace explosion right now with the church.
You think what we're about to see is judgment, but it's God's grace waking you up as a good dad correcting his church.
It's a good dad correcting the people, saying, 'Hey, I'm giving you one more chance.
' So you experience some hardships, you experiencing some earthquakes, you experiencing things with the great birthing pains, the labor pains, all these things.
You think, 'Well, that's tribulation.
' No, you've never experienced what they're about to experience.
You don't want to experience what's about to happen.
No man has ever experienced what's about to happen.
You think the disciples went through something?
You think the plagues of the past were something?
You have no clue of what's about to take place because the Bible says no man has ever seen what's about to take place.
You think some hurricanes that were bad?
Maybe some disease on some animals.
Folks, tribulation will be hell on earth.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you all.
The Lord said to me in my prayer time, he said, 'Brandon, I'm going to give an explosion of grace.
The great healing revivals of the past will hold nothing compared to what's about to take place.
Salvations like you've never seen it.
You're at the door of it, but my church isn't ready for it.
They're still asleep.
So, judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
He's shaking the church first.
And you're about to see a shaking inside of the church, from the Catholics to the Baptists.
It's not about the Charismatics.
It's not about the Church of God.
It's not about the Assemblies of God.
This is about all hands on deck.
Catholic, Baptist, Methodist, it don't matter what tent you're in.
It's about getting the lost saved and bringing them into the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ before it's too late.
The ark door's closing and it's time to put our petty differences down of what we've been always taught.
'Well, you know, they're Baptist, they're Methodist, they're Catholic.
' No, we're the body of Christ moving as one, bringing in the lost and bringing them to his Son.
Do you understand?
And saying, 'Hey, you need to get saved because you're running out of time.
Jesus is coming.
' He said it in my tongues, I could hear him.
And he said to me, 'Brandon, I'm coming.
' Do you understand?
Do you really understand that Jesus is coming?
'Oh, I've heard that before, brother.
' But I'm here to tell you again tonight, today, this morning, early early morning here in America, that Jesus Christ is coming.
And you're about to see a great shaking to awaken.
God have mercy on those that do not wake up this time.
For this is an act of grace.
Leaving the 99 to go after the one.
Are you the one?
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whosoever will believe in him should not perish but have everlasting life.
So I try to tell you today what he's telling me, and he said to me, 'Brandon, I'm coming for the one right now and I want you to be prepared for what's about to take place, for a great acceleration.
Acceleration is coming on my people, and it's time for acceleration.
For a great harvest of souls is at your door.
Be patient with my babies, for I was patient with you.
They're coming in by the truckloads, by the boatloads, by the trainloads, whatever you want to say.
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, for what I've seen about to take place on this earth, men and women, children, boys and girls, youth, whatever, the greatest harvest of souls is coming.
So, I want you just to really examine your heart.
I've seen so much concerning this, and he's talking about the finances, a great shaking of the finances.
Many people don't want to hear that.
What did I tell you?
The Holy Spirit said, "Go here.
" What did I tell you that I saw concerning China with that mischief panda?
He had his arms folded.
I want you to look at the world in 2019.
The Economist, do you see this panda turning his back upon Russia?
Do you see that?
I think this was very odd.
I saw this in a vision, and then the Lord said, "Go look at this.
" Can you show them?
Do they see it?
Okay.
The panda is Xi Jinping, and he's turning his back on Canada in 2019.
Pinocchio.
Who's Pinocchio?
Can I ask you all, who's Pinocchio?
Was the war started with Ukraine yet?
It wasn't.
Pinocchio.
I've already told you who Pinocchio was: Zelenskyy.
He's on here.
Didn't even know it.
Isn't that interesting?
I thought it was interesting.
What did I tell you that I saw about Zelenskyy, that he was a puppet?
He was being maneuvered like a puppet all throughout Europe.
The Economist is talking about it.
Look at that.
He's poking Putin.
Who's underneath Putin?
The four horsemen of the apocalypse.
I thought that's pretty interesting.
What I tell you is coming: World War III over Europe.
I saw a major shaking over Europe.
And I saw even greater in the last video.
And the Lord said, "I want you to talk about this.
" What did I tell you was coming with the babies?
I said I saw genetically created, by AI technology, babies in the vision.
Look at the stork with the bar graph, and it's carrying genetically modified babies, folks.
This is programmed.
Do you understand this?
They're telling you demonically what they're planning.
The elitists, these globalists, these people, six years ago, almost, digital ID is coming.
They told you this last week, two weeks ago.
They're talking about it right here.
Okay.
Now I want you to go up here, go over here.
Go down, son.
Look at that.
You can go back up.
Now, I'm not giving any credibility—I'm not trying to mix the prophetic with this world—but I've seen this by the Spirit of God.
And the Lord said, "Go look.
I'm telling you what they're planning, in prayer.
" And they're telling you six years in advance on this demonic magazine.
Look at this.
I even told you to watch Mount Fuji.
It's Japan.
I said a major volcano is going to blow, and that whole top of that thing was blown off, if that's what that is, a major shaking.
So I just think things like that are interesting.
Whenever the Lord showed me the panda, he said, "Go look at this.
" And I saw Xi Jinping face recognition.
Look at that.
See that?
All that right there.
Facial rec.
It's all about scanning your face, getting you ready for the beast system.
Look.
Go down.
I think there's a couple more things: the man and the baseball.
What was it about the baseball?
Why are they talking about baseball?
There's something more to that.
I was praying about it, and the scales of humanity in the hands, population control.
So, enough of that.
It annoys me because of the way they are.
But I'm trying to tell you, the Spirit of God has been warning you through prayer, but they try to talk through magazines and stuff.
But I think it's interesting.
I don't know, it just—I saw the panda, but that's where we are with that panda.
And I saw all the fingers pointing toward the panda, to Xi Jinping, blaming him for the economy.
This was five days ago.
What happened this week with China?
Can anybody tell me what happened with China and America?
A 100% tariff increase.
That happened right after I told you that I saw Xi Jinping and the economy was in trouble, a shaking of their economy, and all the fingers were pointing at him, and he started eyeing Taiwan.
He started eyeing Taiwan.
I saw him turn his face toward Taiwan whenever I saw all the fingers and the economy, and everybody was upset with him, and he started looking at Taiwan.
"How do we take Taiwan?
" That's what I saw.
Then, if everybody goes back to what I saw concerning him turning his back on—you show them that, you can show them.
Do you see what do you see?
He warns before it happens.
The Holy Spirit warns.
So, here we are with that.
Then the Lord showed us about Kim Jong-un, and he said that he would try to be wooed by Putin in the days ahead.
And I saw him in a sumo suit, but he had flies coming up because he stunk.
And I saw flies coming up all around him.
The Lord called him a social pariah, and the Lord warned me in the vision that they didn't want to deal with him, but they had to because of his nuclear capabilities and things that he had to help them.
He was able to be used for help.
Not that they wanted to, but they had to.
And I saw them using him to do with troops and things to help back this movement concerning the global world war.
Then I warned you: I saw Tomahawk missiles being shot from Ukraine going into Moscow, and I saw red tips on these rockets.
Red tips, and I said, "I don't know why I'm seeing this red.
" And so my son says, "Dad, this is a Tomahawk missile.
" And I said, "Does he even have the capability to get into it?
" And he said, "Yes, a certain one does.
" So Putin is upset as we speak right here because President Trump is saying he wants to give Ukraine those missiles that I was shown.
And this is what was said today.
And we warned you five days ago plus, right, that they were going to try to use this, and Ukraine ends badly?
Yes, I told you it ends very badly because they used them.
And I saw them going into Moscow, and it was terrible what I saw.
I saw women and children running, and then this thing takes a turn and it gets ugly.
Then I saw France with a black swan with an orange beak.
I thought that was interesting.
He said, "Watch, watch Emmanuel Macron, for remember what I told you, that he will be the forerunner to the antichrist.
He is not the antichrist, but he is.
" And people say, "Why do you keep calling him an Ishmael?
" Because Ishmael comes before Isaac.
Ishmael comes before Isaac.
Isaac was the promised child.
But Satan always tries to mock what God did.
So I always look at it that way in life: there's always an Ishmael.
Don't fall for your Ishmael.
Always settle for your Isaac.
Because a lot of people will marry the wrong person—they get the Ishmael.
They marry the Ishmael, and you should have married your Isaac.
That's what I'm trying to say: don't settle for your Ishmael because he got impatient with God, and he went outside of God when God said, "It's going to come through your wife," and he settled for the concubine.
So I want you to always remember that sometimes there's an Ishmael, and God wants you to have an Isaac.
Don't get impatient after 20 years or whatever and go, "I'm done.
God's not bringing the promise.
I'll just settle for that.
" Well, you get your Ishmael.
So, guess what?
I believe that Emmanuel Macron is an Ishmael, and he'll be used in the days ahead to help lay the foundation for the Antichrist in a greater capacity before he steps on the scene.
Now, I heard this pastor last night say that there's peace agreements, and talking about a five-year peace agreement concerning Israel and the Abrahamic Accords, I believe is what he was saying.
And I don't know if I'm saying that right, so don't go, "Well, Brandon, you missed that," whatever.
This was a five-year agreement is what he was talking about on the platform last night and saying how close we are to a major agreement.
Could they extend it two more years for a seven-year peace agreement, which would be broken three and a half years into it for the antichrist to step on the scene here shortly, folks?
That just shows you what he was saying.
I don't know, I haven't watched the news.
I've told you I took a fast.
Braden gives me little bits and pieces, but I'm telling you, I do not listen.
I took my phone, just—I'm done, I need a break.
And so, are we that close?
Because he talked about it last night in church.
This was when I wore the pink shirt and the shorts, too.
And so, I just know what the Lord is showing me.
And I saw, "I'm dreaming of a white Christmas.
" And it was with a great escalation of war.
And I saw all this peace agreement and all the stuff going on with Hamas and Gaza, but I saw to watch a surprise attack again, worse than October 7th.
And the Lord said to me in the middle of the night, "Watch what happens.
They are upset with how Israel did Iran and the nuclear capabilities.
They may have a bit of a peace agreement here, trying to bring the hostages and all this stuff, right?
But there's more to this.
Do not let your guard down, Israel.
" And people say, "Well, you know, they have it coming.
" Whatever.
I'm telling you, folks, I pray for Israel.
I pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
I pray for the people of Israel.
I pray for the rabbis.
I pray for them all.
I pray for people to have a radical visitation from Jesus.
But I'm telling you, folks, we're in the end of the end times.
We're in the last seconds of this thing getting ready to end.
So, I saw some kind of snake-looking thing that was around some Arab-looking people.
I don't know who they were from the Middle East.
And I saw red, white, black, white, black, white, red on a scarf that was wrapped around, looking like a coral snake, similar.
And I said, "You know, I don't know what I'm looking at, but that was very interesting.
" So, I've been praying about that.
And then I saw battleships, which I thought was interesting.
And people say, "Brandon, they don't use those kind of F-16s anymore in the United States military Air Force.
We use more advanced ones.
" Yes, but it's symbolic of something.
It has nothing to do with what is there; it's a timeframe.
He's trying to communicate something.
You don't look at it—it's type and shadow.
It's not always just black and white.
God's trying to show you something that has deeper meaning than what your little peanut brain can get a hold of.
You know, he's saying, "Brandon, it's F-16s on this plane.
" He's not talking to me saying, "Brandon, you need to know those are Warthogs or some kind of stealth or whatever.
" He's trying to talk about a timeframe.
There's something more.
You have to look into the vision of what he's showing you.
Does that make sense?
Everybody tries to say everything is just always...
well, you know, it's like Daniel and the dreams that he was interpreting, or Joseph interpreting the dreams for the Pharaoh—it didn't mean what it meant.
Joseph interpreting the dreams: seven years of famine, seven years of plentiful.
What it had to do with fat cows—everybody could have been looking at the cows going, "What's going on with the cows?
There must be a plague.
" But it was bigger than that.
What are you looking into?
What is God saying about the F-16s on it?
There's something more about the escalation of war.
And I said, "It's out by Venezuela.
" I said, "This battleship was out by Venezuela.
" So, I want you to think about what I saw concerning the communist flag of China when I saw the flag.
And I told you I saw this flag.
They don't even have that flag anymore.
But that's what I saw behind Xi Jinping when he was eyeing Taiwan, and that flag was behind him.
It was there, and I said it looks similar to Russia's flag and the old Soviet Union.
But as I saw Poland up by Warsaw going to war, it was cold and they had snowsuits on in a vision with those old hats on—that fur.
And the Lord said, "Watch Romania, because Romania will be involved.
Watch Poland.
Watch Ukraine.
Watch these areas, for this is where it will be a ground war.
It won't just be drones.
I saw troops on the ground in Belarus.
It tries to spread.
So that was what our job was: to pray over these areas over the last couple of days, five days.
I haven't made a video praying.
I've been interceding about the enemy within, about the enemy within our nation, about homegrown terrorists, about our lone wolves, about all these things.
The Lord said, "Brandon, pray for America.
Pray for your President Trump.
Pray for Don Jr.
Pray for Eric.
Pray for the girls.
Pray for Barron.
Pray for a hedge of protection around our nation.
" So, I take that very seriously.
But my main focus over the last several days was: is the church waking up?
Because even last night, He said, "Even with all that you see and all the glory and you feel, they're not all awake yet.
There's a lot of people still asleep.
" He's wanting a lot more for the church to wake up.
And when I saw the church that was awake, even what I was experiencing last night, as beautiful as it was, He said, "Brandon, there will be something even so much greater than what you're experiencing tonight.
There'll be something so much more in the days ahead.
" For even the healings and the things that I was experiencing, and it was so beautiful, He said, "This is nothing compared to what's about to take place.
" And I know there's a lot of people that might be experiencing some amazing things, but you've never seen the glory cover this earth like water covers the sea.
You've never seen.
It will be as easy to maneuver in the spirit as taking a breath.
As a bird flies in the air, as a fish swims in the water, He said, "For I am uncapping the wells of revival, and Brandon, the people of old—Oral Roberts, Jack Coe, William Brandon, Kathryn Kuhlman—they would just come up to the well and they got a cup full and they drank it.
But I'm going to allow you to go to the bottom of that well and become totally submersed in the glory.
" So, ladies and gentlemen, what I'm trying to tell you this early morning is it's time for you to become radical for Jesus.
It's time for you to wake up, shake off the old things.
Shake it off and become more like Him.
Separate yourself and look at Him.
It's like my friend says: to detract, to deflect, to attract—to deflect to the glory, to Jesus.
He said to me, He said, "Brandon, because I'm like a spiritual junkie.
I go from these places and I try to pull from the minister a lot and go, 'Oh, God, give me a touch from Jesus in here.
I want it so bad.
' He said, 'Brandon, where do you think they got it?
Straight from me.
' He said, 'There's a place where you always keep yourself full.
You don't need nobody.
' I said, 'Yeah, I know, Lord, but I like to go and just get—it's like a spiritual high.
' Do you understand?
It's like, 'I love it for my kids to experience it and see the atmosphere.
' He said, 'Learn to cultivate it yourself on a greater level.
Learn to get in there even greater with me.
' And that's what I did this week, and I found it more.
And then, stay in your vein.
Don't try to deviate and be in somebody else's call.
Stay in what God has called and anointed and graced you to do.
Not all people are going to be a special healing evangelist.
Not all people are going to see and do things like God has called me to do.
But what has God graced you to do?
Stay in your vein.
Don't go and try to be like sister so-and-so or brother so-and-so.
Be what God has called you to do.
And whatever He calls you to do, do all that you do in word and in deed.
Do all to the glory of God.
He showed me there's levels of glory.
There's levels of the anointing.
There's levels of impartation.
There's levels of My presence.
There's a deep river that shall not run dry.
There is a fountain that flows deep inside.
Do you understand?
Come to the river that never shall run dry.
There is a vast supply.
" And that's why he said, "Take the time every day, Father, fill me.
" But he showed me the level of filling, the level of infilling is to your surrender.
How much have you surrendered?
How much have you gone through the refining?
How much have you gone on the potter's wheel and allowed him to mold you and make you?
He said the level of surrender is the level of filling.
"Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
" But how much have you reserved of yourself for yourself?
Let me say that again.
How much have you reserved yourself for yourself?
"Fill my cup, Lord," but I only give you so much space to fill up.
"I lift it up, Lord," but you only have two inches.
"Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
" I only need two inches.
There is a vast supply, but I only need two inches.
One inch.
Oh, some people are only a couple of centimeters.
"I'm filled.
I'm filled.
" But he's like, "But I want to take you over.
I want to fill you to the extreme until it overflows.
" But there's a level of surrender.
That's what he said to me.
I said, "God, help me to be more surrendered.
Help me to die more to myself.
" There's a place in God the devil dare not go.
But I realized as this week I took the time, I thought, how much of the refining process?
Because he was showing me that the level of the glory depends upon the level of refining.
The refining equals the level of the glory.
Because I go, where's it at?
Where do I die more?
The Apostle Paul said, "I die daily.
" What does that mean?
And that's where I was at—that's where I've been, sitting at his feet.
Where is that?
Does he have all of me?
Have I surrendered all to him?
"I surrender all.
" It's a beautiful song, but there's more to it.
All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
" Have I totally surrendered?
Have I totally surrendered?
"Fill my cup, Lord, I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
" It's at the place of surrender.
I want so badly that none of me remains and only he is able to move in and through me, unhindered by any satanic or demonic spirit, uninterrupted and unhindered.
"Father, here am I, use me, flow through me unhindered today without any Brandon in the way, flesh worried about what I say," because I say some stupid stuff.
Thank God for his grace, thank God for his mercy.
But it's at the level of the point of your surrender.
That's what he said to me.
Do you see this?
You see that measure?
Who I admire, it's the surrender.
"I want to take you to the deeper waters.
" And your mouth says a lot.
That's what he said.
"Your mouth says a lot.
There's a lot of heart service.
There's a lot of mouth service.
" I say, "Oh, Lord, Lord, Lord," but he said, "But it's at the refining fire.
It's at the level of death to yourself, to die to self, to the level of surrender, to be yielded to him, to flow with him.
" And I saw, as I went down and got prayed for, the power of God knocked me down.
Power knocked down.
I had it what, three times, two times?
Twice tonight.
I sat there, I just drank.
But what he said to me, he said, "Do you know whenever you hit a bend, you hit something and you've got baggage, and the more you hit something, it gets weaker and weaker?
" And that's what the Holy Ghost does to that place in you that needs to die.
It becomes weaker.
And the more you allow him to put that pressure on you, it becomes weaker and weaker and weaker.
And it's a washing, but it hits you like a wave, and eventually that levee will break in you.
And he showed me, because I said, "Lord, I've been up there how many times over all the course of this, that I've needed a certain issue in me to be tested and refined.
" And it was concerning something that happened clear back in 2015.
And I've asked, I've laid down at the front how many times?
Boom, power of God.
Power of God.
But there's levels of saturation.
There's levels of the anointing, there's levels of saturation.
And I realize the more I come underneath that presence, it keeps washing.
It's like a wave.
You know, if you sit on the shore of the ocean and the wave hits you, eventually it breaks.
You know what I'm saying?
That's what it feels like.
And finally, all the times a stronghold, strongholds in your life, things that God is working and refining you, and it may be something you have a stronghold in and you think, "This is never coming off of me," but it just washes you.
It wasn't the first time; it's levels of saturation.
It's levels of saturation now.
You stand up, and I heard Sister Lynne Hammond talk about there's this one time that she was dealing with some depression in her life and she was dealing with this heaviness, and she went—and this special minister was there at her church—and he prayed for her, and the power of God knocked her down.
And she told the ushers, "You grab my arms and you pull me up even if I can't stand, and you drag me to the other side of the line and have him pray for me again.
And you do this until I tell you to stop.
" So she got prayed for.
It was one of those lines that went through all the church, and she got up and she went to the back of the line.
It's the level of saturation.
She went five times, if I remember correctly, five times to the point that the Holy Spirit, that wave was hitting her so much until her cup, where she was in her dry time of what she was going through, that saturation came over her until it was broken, until her Holy Ghost level was completely filled up.
They kept dragging her through the line, and it kept—the saturation, saturation.
And that's what I experienced.
That's what I'm trying to tell y'all.
And it broke.
"What was it, Brandon?
" None of your business.
Stuff that I work through with me.
But I give all the glory to Jesus, do you understand?
For he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies, his likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world.
"Was it some secret sin, Brandon?
" No.
It has nothing to do with sin.
It has nothing to do with temptation of sin.
It has something to do with a character issue in me.
It's me, because I want to be more like him.
Being afraid of man, worried about people's opinion all the time.
"Put on pink shorts.
Brandon, remember my pink shorts?
" He said, "Go.
" So, can you see my pink shorts?
"Go sit on the front row with pink shorts on, Brandon.
" Oh my gosh.
Are you kidding me?
You want me to go wear pink shorts in the middle of church, in the middle of a revival night on the front row?
"Go sit on the front row, but I want you to do it for me in the middle of...
" "Yes, sir.
" "William Seymour, put the box on your head.
Do what I tell you to do.
I'm doing something in you.
But not only is it for you, it's for them.
Somebody else out here.
" What is it about?
It doesn't matter.
It's none of your business.
"But I don't need to tell you what I'm doing in them just as much as I'm trying to do something in you.
Just obey me and know that I'm working in somebody over here.
And you don't even realize it.
It's not always about you.
" So, there's levels of saturation.
I don't know where I'm going with all this at an hour and five minutes, but I felt like the Holy Spirit wanted me to tell you what Brandon's going through this week.
You want to know what I'm dealing with?
That's what I'm dealing with.
And that's what he's dealing with.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies, his likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world.
From glory to glory, He's changing me.
Changing me.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shone to the world.
For He's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
There's levels of it.
And that's why I said to Him, I don't know, I can't let my flowers fall down.
Y'all think I forget I'm sitting on a brown couch.
I'd stand up, mess up my pink shorts.
But I'm just trying to tell you all we're all a work in progress.
And you may be farther along than me in some areas, and I may be farther along than you in some areas.
That's why we're the body of Christ and we work together.
Not one of us is perfect.
Not one of us is lesser in something.
You say, "Well, Brandon, I don't deal with that.
I don't deal with this.
" But you deal with something else that I don't.
Do you understand?
But that's why I never try to shine a mirror on somebody's weakness and go, "Look at you.
" I just say, "Hey, God, that's, you know," and I don't pick at it.
Just go on about your business.
We're all a work in progress.
Does that make sense?
So hopefully that was a blessing today.
I just want more of Him.
I just want to be with Him.
I watch The Chosen, and I see Peter walking on the water, and he said, "Don't let me go, Jesus.
Don't let me go.
" And I sit there and I say, "Yeah, don't let me go, Jesus.
I know You said You'd never leave me and You'll never forsake me, but I don't want You just walking.
I want You holding me.
I want it.
I don't want to just walk with You.
I want to sit in Your lap.
" And that may sound really weird for a big, grown man like me to want to sit in Jesus' lap, but I just want to be that close to Him because, you know what?
You can hear Him breathe.
I want to experience the greatest manifestation of the glory that this world has ever seen before.
And if I just get to be a part of it and it doesn't have anything to do with me, I'm okay with that.
I just want to sit, I just want to be in that room.
That's what I'm talking about.
I want to see the paralyzed be lowered down from the roof and see Jesus touch them.
I just want to be a part of it and see it.
I want to see my Master work.
But there's levels of saturation, and there's levels of the glory.
And the Lord told me, He said, "There's qualifications for it.
" That was what I was really trying to get to.
There's qualifications for those levels.
There's qualifications for the levels.
How much have you surrendered?
So, I talked about a lot tonight.
I don't even know how long I've been now.
It's at an hour and eight, hour probably, hour and 10, hour and 15.
So, did you get anything out of that?
Did it encourage you at all?
Did it help you with your walk?
I pray it did.
To walk, walking in the light of God.
I'm excited to see what happens.
Sister Billy's asleep.
I'm just, you know, y'all.
I'm tired of going to church and not expecting God to show up and show off.
And if there's too much self reserved for self and He can't move because Brandon's in the way, man, let's just keep on the potter's wheel so we can get this thing going, because He showed me it was all attached to the glory.
Walking in love, treating your brother right, doing all the things that are connected to the glory.
It's all connected to the glory, the glorious church, dying to self, doing all these things.
So, how many's here?
3.
5.
Okay.
Well, Father, we just thank You for Your glorious day You have for us as we get ready to start our next day.
We thank You, Father, for Your body that was broken for us.
And, Lord, I thank You that You're my friend.
Lord, even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I fear no evil, for You are with me.
Thy rod and Thy staff, they comfort me.
You prepare a table before me in the presence of all my enemies.
And, Lord, I thank You for all that You've done for me, my wife, and my children.
For all that You've provided, all that You've taken care of.
You've always taken care of Brandon and his family, and I'm grateful for it.
But, Lord, it's more than provision.
It's relationship.
I want to provide a place where You feel comfortable to visit.
I want to provide a place, Father—not only is it like a tangible presence manifest, but Father, that this temple be a place that You dwell and be happy, that You don't go, "Oh, Brandon, you got stuff.
" No, we all got stuff, and we're all going from glory to glory.
I get that.
But I want Him to go, "Man, I feel comfortable here.
I feel comfortable here.
You know, there's a La-Z-Boy there with a nice glass of iced tea.
Let's have a glass of iced tea and just sit and talk.
" And there ain't no drama.
There ain't no drama for your mama.
There ain't no drama.
There ain't no Sister Slip, Sister Clipboard up there writing on the clipboard.
It's just peace.
We're out watching the waves, watching the waves go in, and I watch them roll away again, sitting on the dock of the bay.
I don't know, I figured watching the clouds slip away, sitting on the dock of the bay, wasting time—well, we're not, we're praying—watching the ships roll in, and I watch them roll away again.
I can't get on that song, it's a Christian show.
Oh, Father, we're taking communion.
See, He's real to me.
It's not religion.
Do you understand?
He visits.
You've got to get out of religion.
Stop being so religious-minded.
Be relationship.
When you get real with God, God will get real, become real to you.
He is a friend, an ever-present help in a time of need.
And He's not religious.
God is not religious.
God is relationship.
He is a friend.
I hope you listen.
If you want to experience Him, you'll become friends with Him.
Father, I honor You.
I worship You.
Thank You for what You did for me.
Thank You for Your relationship.
Thank You for Your body that was broken for me.
I thank You for a good day.
Thank You for providing for me, Lord.
You know every need I have before I even know I need it.
So, Father, from the electric, water, gas, phone, car payments, whatever, Father, house payments, whatever, You take care of my brothers and sisters today.
Whatever they have need of, God, I thank You, Lord, that You provide all their needs.
Food, groceries, doctor bills, medical bills, whatever they may need, Jesus provided all that they need.
And I believe if we, being evil, give good gifts to our children, how much more does our heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love Him?
I believe, Father, that You're taking care of these people today, Father, for brand new marriages, creative miracles, whatever it is in their life, any sickness, any disease, Father.
I thank You, Lord, that whatever they have need of, Father, You will provide for them.
And, Father, I believe that today is an expiration date of what they're believing for.
I believe, Father, that today, if their marriage is bad, if their children are wayward, they're coming home.
We call them in right now in the name of Jesus.
We call healing, demonstrations, manifestations of the glory in their households.
I call them delivered from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
I thank You, Father, for Your protection over them.
I thank You, Lord, that they're always in the right place at the right time.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that by Your stripes, Lord, we are healed in the name of Jesus.
Now, Lord, we thank You for the blood, and we make much of the blood today, and the blood makes much of us.
Now, Father, we take our rightful place and seat, and I plead the blood over Megan, Braden, Paisley, Diana, and I.
And we say, "Satan, you will not touch us, hinder us, harm us in any way.
" We plead the blood over our house, over our finances, over our car, over our jobs, over whatever we put our hands to.
You said that we would prosper.
We thank You, Lord, that we're the head and not the tail.
We're above and not beneath.
We'll go through and not go under.
We thank you, Lord, that you're drawing us closer to you.
Father, that refining fire is purging out all the impurities of our lives.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there are levels of glory on our lives today.
That you're saturating us, Father, for this end-time harvest, that we're in that place of the greatest outpouring of the Spirit that we've ever seen before.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're right at the door.
For the days of heaven on earth have just begun in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord.
We take the blood and we apply the blood over us as we travel to Branson, as we travel to these places, that no weapon formed against us would prosper.
We say, 'Satan, you will not touch our meetings, and we'll have a Holy Ghost revival when we go,' in Jesus' name.
And we plead the blood over our households.
We call in the finances.
This is something I do.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We call in finances from the north, the south, the east, and the west, and you will provide, Father.
I thank you, Lord, all our needs according to your riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
That's what you have to say over your money.
Thank you, Lord.
We're calling it in.
We call those things that be not as though they were.
And we say we're blessed in the city and the field, coming in and going out.
And whatever I put my hands to, Father, you'll bless.
I believe that today.
So, you have to believe for yourself.
You know what I'm saying?
I can't get it for you; you have to believe for it.
You're a believing believer.
You're not a doubter.
I'm an overcomer and a believing believer, and my God has everything I need.
Do you believe that?
Thank you for the blood today.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've done for us.
And Father, we plead the blood over our minds all the way to the soles of our feet.
And we thank you, Lord, no cancers, no diabetes, no heart diseases, no strokes, no Alzheimer's, no dementias, no sleeping disorders, no whatever it may be.
You're overcoming.
Father, I thank you, Lord, they are delivered.
Heart disease is gone, kidney disease is gone, liver disease is gone.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you said in your Word that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, according to Galatians.
We thank you, Lord, that we're not under the curse anymore in Jesus' name.
We take the blood and we apply it to our lives in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen and amen.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We're so grateful for all that you've done and all that you have yet to do.
And Father, we're thankful that we get to be a part of the greatest outpouring, the closers.
He said, 'I saved the best for last.
They had their day.
' That's what some elderly ministers said to me the other day.
He said, 'They had their day, Brandon.
Now it's time for my new generation to rise up.
You're going to see a passing of the baton like you've never seen before,' is what He said.
'You're going to see the elders, some of them go home.
There's going to be some people depart here.
You're going to watch; this is going to happen.
But a new generation's rising up to take the baton, run, and finish this race.
You're my closers.
He saved the fastest for the last.
Watch.
We're going to run.
We're going to finish.
Do not get weary in well-doing.
' Don't let your heart be troubled.
God's on the throne.
We see all these things—the signs, the wars, the rumors of wars, and all these things being said about the end times right now.
But folks, He has never left us; He's never forsaken us.
Lo, unto the end of the earth, He'll be with us always.
And He has a plan for your life.
Good days are ahead of us.
No matter how much we see on the news with all this stuff going on, I'm not participating in economic disaster.
As for me and my house, we're going to be blessed.
As for me and my house, we're serving the Lord.
I don't care what they say on the news.
I'm not moved by what the news says; I'm moved by what the Word says.
You got to say that because it's like my friend Billy said, 'Hey, there are so many voices yelling loud at you all the time—the commercials, whatever.
' I'm not participating in that.
I'm not going to walk in that.
I'm not doing that.
As for me, we're blessed.
As for me and my house, we're healed.
You have to speak to your mountain.
Your mountain has to hear your voice.
If you don't speak to your mountain, you cannot cast down thoughts with thoughts; you have to speak to your thoughts.
You have to speak to your mind.
Your mind has to line up with what you're saying.
Because anytime I start speaking my thought, I stop thinking like that.
No, I'm not going to think that.
That's not my thought.
That's not what I thought.
I'm not going to allow that because your thoughts get carried away.
You start having imaginations going all over the place.
Take captive of your thoughts and bring them under the Word.
Find scripture and find the word that pertains to what you're thinking about.
As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
And the more you meditate on what you're thinking about, the more it's going to change you for the good or change you for the bad.
So you got to get your mind renewed by the Word of God.
It's the first priority thing that you need to do in your life—find scripture that pertains to what you're going through.
And usually, you can find those in Psalms or Proverbs.
Go through Psalms.
Proverbs has 31 chapters.
Read 31 chapters in a month and just go through it and then highlight it.
Go through there and make it a coloring book.
Find it.
This is good.
You might highlight the whole thing because my wife does; she highlights that.
This is the Bible she got me.
This is waterproof.
I can take this in the woods and it doesn't get all messed up.
But you find Psalms and read it and find it pertaining to you.
And usually, David has all of it going down.
David had issues, and he had tissues for his issues!
But look at David; he was a man after God's own heart.
Go through Psalms and read all that, and it will change your life because David was a good man.
He messed up.
Look at all the things he did and messed up.
But you know what?
God still used him, and God will still use you.
You're not too big.
Remember what God told me?
'You're not big enough to mess your life up, Brandon.
' Because I thought it was all over when Megan was diagnosed with autism.
I thought, 'I'll never be in ministry.
' But God said, 'You're not big enough to mess your life up.
The footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
' Remember that.
'And if you're seeking me and you're leaning into me, what the devil meant for bad, I'll turn it for good in your favor.
You are not big enough to mess your life up.
' And I told Him, I said, 'I don't know how that's possible, but okay.
' So, He's made it right.
Everything that I think that I've messed up, He's turned it for good, with whatever it may be.
Whatever you do, in word or in deed, do all to the glory of God, and He'll make your path right.
So, glory to God.
Well, that's what I had.
I prayed for you, I shared a little bit with you early this morning.
And so I've got some things I've got to do.
I've got to do this interview with Pastor Paul this afternoon.
I need to pray about what I'm going to be talking about because I have no idea right now.
I'm like, 'Okay, Lord, what am I going to say?
I've got to say something good there, but it has to be Jesus.
' It ain't going to be Brandon.
" Or I just go, "What?
It says, 'Interview's no good, sir.
Turn it off.
'" Because I'm just being real with you.
If it ain't Jesus, you don't want Brandon.
I want only him.
So hopefully this blessed you.
Could you do me a favor today?
Could you like, subscribe?
If you're not subscribed to my channel, click the notification bell, y'all.
Click the thumbs up button.
Comment something nice down below.
Tell me if this blessed y'all today.
I know it didn't get into the river.
We didn't go tubing.
I don't have a lot of time to go tubing this early morning today, but I just want to tell you all we love you.
We're coming on to tell you hi, we're here.
Everything's good.
I'm just seeking him.
I have to...
Wow, 13% are watching from Africa right now.
That is amazing.
Praise God.
Welcome Africa, from all over Africa.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for a mighty move of your presence on the continent of Africa.
We call revival.
We speak a Holy Ghost and fire over the people of Africa.
I thank you, Lord, over all the persecution of the Christians.
Stop now in the name of Jesus from the Muslims.
We say cease and desist in your maneuvering against these people, and you will not kill our brothers and sisters in Africa.
We call a revival of Holy Ghost and fire over the people of Africa today.
And we thank you, Lord, from the top all the way around, from the bottom, from side to side.
The glory of the Lord is moving over that great place.
And we thank you, Father, that this is a time not to shrink back, but to take the land for Jesus and to tell the people that Jesus Christ is coming.
And we pray a hedge of protection for the ministering angels to watch over them tonight and their day.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for the best is yet to come, for the greatest revival has just begun in the name of Jesus over Africa and over Asia and over South America.
I met some of the most lovely people today from South Korea, and the man became a doctor and he was here and he wanted to come to the meeting, and they were the nicest people.
I said, "Thank God for them.
Thank God for my Asian friends.
I'm so excited to have so many people that are excited about the channel in Asia.
So many wonderful people in Asia, South Korea.
So many beautiful people.
Just really nice, genuine, happy people.
And they're so excited.
They're more excited to see Diana than they are me.
I told Diana, 'You know, they're, I think they like me more than you.
' I say, 'Yeah, they do, baby.
I think so.
' We were laughing about it because the little Asian women are so nice.
They're so excited to see Diana.
And so I go, 'Oh, precious, precious, precious.
' So we're so excited to be a part of the Asian community and our channels in China, Japan, and South Korea, and so many of you watch.
I said, 'Look at what the Lord is doing through YouTube.
' So, it's so wonderful.
And then I saw a lot of people from all over the place.
So, it's amazing everywhere.
People come.
So, we'll see what happens at Sister Billy's.
If you're there, wave hi.
We'll try to say hi to you.
I won't be able to probably talk to everybody because it's so chaotic.
But, God bless you all.
I pray this video blessed you.
Please, like I said, do all the things we can to help us.
And we'll see you again soon.
I'll try to do a video tomorrow again, but I'm not promising because I like to get around and get ready to go to Branson.
It's Wednesdays.
The first service starts Wednesday and it goes Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
But I'm not promising I'm going to the whole thing.
So don't, if you go, say, "Brandon, why are you not here?
" Because I like to go see Billy Burke in Tennessee.
But I haven't made up my mind yet.
I'm trying to decide what I'm going to do.
So, he's going to be in, Harvest Church in, Chattanooga.
Cleveland.
What?
I don't know.
It doesn't matter.
I'll tell you all again before it happens.
I believe it starts on Sunday.
His services start on Sunday.
This Sunday.
So, God bless you all.
I pray this video blesses you, and we will see you again soon.
Thank you for joining me today.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all.